Update owned types documentation for 3.0 (#1732)
aspnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/modeling/owned-entities.md

EF Core allows you to model entity types that can only ever appear on navigation properties of other entity types. These are called _owned entity types_. The entity containing an owned entity type is its _owner_.

> Owned entities are essentially a part of the owner and cannot exist without it, they are conceptually similar to [aggregates](https://martinfowler.com/bliki/DDD_Aggregate.html)

Reviewer: Missing period at the end.

Owned types configured with `OwnsOne` or discovered through a reference navigation always have a one-to-one relationship with the owner, therefore they don't need their own key values as the foreign key values are unique. In the previous example, the `StreetAddress` type does not need to define a key property.  

In order to understand how EF Core tracks these objects, it is useful to know that a primary key is created as a [shadow property](xref:core/modeling/shadow-properties) for the owned type. The value of the key of an instance of the owned type will be the same as the value of the key of the owner instance.

## Collections of owned types

> [!NOTE]
> This feature is new in EF Core 2.2.

To configure a collection of owned types `OwnsMany` should be used in `OnModelCreating`.

As any entity type the owned types need a primary key. If there are no good candidates on the CLR type EF Core will create one, but since these types are defined through a collection the foreign key is not unique, so we can't use just it as the primary key as we do for `OwnsOne`.

The two most straightforward solutions are:

> - Using a single non-FK property. The contained values would need to be unique across all owners (e.g. if Parent 1 has Child 1, then Parent 2 cannot have Child 1), so the value doesn't have any inherent meaning. Since the FK is not part of the PK its values can be changed, so you could move a child from one parent to another one, however this usually goes against aggregate semantics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Defining a surrogate primary key on a new property independent of the foreign key that points to the owner. The contained values would need to be unique across all owners (e.g. if Parent 1 has a Child 1, then Parent 2 cannot have a Child 1), so the value doesn't have any inherent meaning. Since the foreign key is not part of the primary key its values can be changed, so you could move a child from one parent to another one, however this usually goes against aggregate semantics.
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we should say something in the intro to the topic of owned entities about the fact that a goal of ownership is to help model DDD aggregates, with some stable external link to the topic, for example https://martinfowler.com/bliki/DDD_Aggregate.html. Otherwise when we start mentioning them here it feels completely arbitrary.

> - Using the FK and an additional `int` property. The additional property value now only needs to be unique for a given parent (so there can be a Parent 1 with Child 1,1 and Parent 2 with Child 2,1). By making the FK part of the PK the relationship between the owner and the owned entity becomes immutable and reflects aggregate semantics better. This is what EF does by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Defining a composite key based on the foreign key pointing to the owner and an additional `int` property. The additional property value now only needs to be unique for a given parent (so there can be a Parent 1 with Child 1,1 and Parent 2 with Child 2,1). By making the foreign key part of the primary key the relationship between the owner and the owned entity becomes immutable and reflects aggregate semantics better. This is what EF Core does by default.
```

Owned types configured with `OwnsOne` or discovered through a reference navigation always have a one-to-one relationship with the owner, therefore they don't need their own key values as the foreign key values are unique. In the previous example, the `StreetAddress` type does not need to define a key property.  

In order to understand how EF Core tracks these objects, it is useful to know that a primary key is created as a [shadow property](xref:core/modeling/shadow-properties) for the owned type. The value of the key of an instance of the owned type will be the same as the value of the key of the owner instance.

## Collections of owned types

> [!NOTE]
> This feature is new in EF Core 2.2.

> To configure a collection of owned types `OwnsMany` should be used in `OnModelCreating`.

Reviewer: `should be used` not good. It's not should.

Owned types need a primary key. If there are no good candidates properties on the .NET type, EF Core can try to create one. However, when owned types are defined through a collection, it isn't enough to just create a shadow property to act as both the foreign key into the owner and the primary key of the owned instance, as we do for `OwnsOne`: there can be multiple owned type instances for each owner, and hence the key of the owner isn't enough to provide a unique identity for each owned instance.

The two most straightforward solutions to this are:
- Defining a surrogate primary key on a new property independent of the foreign key that points to the owner. The contained values would need to be unique across all owners (e.g. if Parent {1} has Child {1}, then Parent {2} cannot have Child {1}), so the value doesn't have any inherent meaning. Since the foreign key is not part of the primary key its values can be changed, so you could move a child from one parent to another one, however this usually goes against aggregate semantics.

> - Using the foreign key and an additional `int` property. The additional property value now only needs to be unique for a given parent (so tif Parent {1} has Child {1,1} then Parent {2} can still have Child {2,1}). By making the foreign key part of the primary key the relationship between the owner and the owned entity becomes immutable and reflects aggregate semantics better. This is what EF Core does by default.

Reviewer: nit: Is `int` necessary?

By default the primary key used for the owned type referenced through the `ShippingCenters` navigation property will be `("DistributorId", "Id")` where `"DistributorId"` is the FK and `"Id"` is a unique `int` value.

To configure a different PK call `HasKey`:

[!code-csharp[OwnsMany](../../../samples/core/Modeling/OwnedEntities/OwnedEntityContext.cs?name=OwnsMany)]

> [!NOTE]
> Before EF Core 3.0 `WithOwner()` method didn't exist so this call should be removed.

## Mapping owned types with table splitting

When using relational databases, by default reference owned types are mapped to the same table as the owner. This requires splitting the table in two: some columns will be used to store the data of the owner, and some columns will be used to store data of the owned entity. This is a common feature known as [table splitting](table-splitting.md).

By default, EF Core will name the database columns for the properties of the owned entity type following the pattern _Navigation_OwnedEntityProperty_. Therefore the `StreetAddress` properties will appear in the 'Orders' table with the names 'ShippingAddress_Street' and 'ShippingAddress_City'.

> You can append the `HasColumnName` method to rename those columns:

Reviewer: no append

[!code-csharp[OwnsOneNested](../../../samples/core/Modeling/OwnedEntities/OwnedEntityContext.cs?name=OwnsOneNested)]

> Notice the `WithOwner` call used to configure the navigation property point back at the owner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice the `WithOwner` call used to configure the navigation property pointing back at the owner.
```

[!code-csharp[OwnsOneNested](../../../samples/core/Modeling/OwnedEntities/OwnedEntityContext.cs?name=OwnsOneNested)]

Notice the `WithOwner` call used to configure the navigation property pointing back at the owner.

It is also possible to achieve the same thing using `OwnedAttribute` on both `OrderDetails` and `StreetAdress`.

> ## Storing owned types in separate tables

Reviewer: No `Also unlike`
